test(auth): integration tests for url sourced external account (#2337)
googleapis/google-cloud-rust: src/auth/integration-tests/README.md

  cargo test --features run-integration-tests -p auth-integration-tests
```

### Workload Identity integration tests

> These tests requires more complex set up to run, like running from an Azure/AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests requires a more complex setup to run, like running from an Azure/AWS
```

I was told "set up" is the verb, and "setup" the noun 🤷

Author: thanks for catching that up

cd ${HOME}/google-cloud-rust/src/auth/.gcb/builds
terraform plan -out="/tmp/builds.plan"
terraform apply "/tmp/builds.plan"

> ````

Reviewer: Too many backticks.

Author: done
